So for this exercise, what I would be
asking you to do, is to go ahead and
go to Google Fonts, grab a couple
of fonts and then go ahead and
import them onto your page and
just load them up on their styles.
So for the solution, so what I asked you
to do is go into fonts.google.com and
just grab any font that you like.
So it looks like,
let's see, Qwitcher Grypen.
That looks interesting, let's grab that.
So we can go ahead and here we go.
We have a link here that we can grab.
So let's grab that and all we gotta do now
is we're still inside of our homepage.
So I can drop this in here instead
cuz that was a fake link, and
just uppercase all of these things.
And we do need to actually close
these components though since we
are inside of the single file component.
And once we have that,
we can do and we can check.
So we can go inside of our homepage, and
what you'll see now is that if
you look inside of the head,
here we go fonts.googleapis, go static.
It builds exactly as you would hope to
without the need to like write a bunch of
JavaScript to try to make that thing work.
It really just felt more like a copy and
paste.
And that's as easy as it gets when it
comes to not only configuring resources
for your pages, but
also if you wanna add metadata.
Cuz that's a big part, right?
We're talking about SEO and
that kind of stuff, right?
People wanna be able to see,
get their search results index and so
being able to dynamically configure meta
tags with certain descriptions that kinda
thing that's a big deal.
And so with this new way of configuration,
it makes it a lot easier for
people to configure all these different
properties for their pages as they go.
As you can imagine for like the photos and
to do things that we had, you could easily
just be like there's my page title,
there's a description, there's a site,
you could do a bunch of stuff with it to
actually inform people about your page